This file contains descriptions of features/functions that are priorities for development.

To Do:
1) Incorporate logic for latching type irrigation valves.
    Presently, Open_Irr holds an output pin HIGH during an irrigation event which is the intended trigger of a switch to permit toggle of a valve. The valves this was designed for are non-latching meaning they require a constant current to hold open.
    Some valves are latching, meaning they receive a pulse signal to change their state from ON/OFF. In this way, one pulse (momentary HIGH) will need triggered to open a valve and a second pulse (momentary HIGH) will need sent to close the valve after irrigation time elapses.
        Prerequisite:
            Non-blocking irrigation events should be completed.

        subtasks
            Create sub-menu for aspects of irrigation control
                Implement option for user selection of valve control
                    i.e., select type of valve (latching or non-latching | normally open or normally closed)
                        Need to add to configuration structures so the system can remember this information (EEPROM) -> example: 'bool latchingValve = false; //track type of valve being used'
                        Add menu operation to change settings of latchingValve

                Move current relevant menu functions pertaining to irrigation control to the new sub-menu
                    "w" define water threshold values and times
                    "n" specify number of WM sensors and Mean groups
                    "s" switch water manager
            
            
2) Implement non-blocking irrigation events instead of using "delay".
    Should need separate millis trackers for each irrigation group. Presently, Open_Irr uses "delay" while triggering an irrigation event. This is fine, but does not permit multiple irrigation groups to be triggered at once. Ammend so that multiple irrigation groups
    can recieve irrigation events at the same time. 


Approach: Use NonBlock for easily managing non blocking events

- state variables, time, four variables, output pins, possibly use array

Line 2372


3) Expand capability of irrigation permission windows to permit/deny by day of the week / hour of the day
    There may be times where the water line is not pressurised and an irrigation event would be impossible. Add functionality to check for permission/deny windows for irrigation events / logic to save if an irrigation event was indicated by sensors and not allowed by permission windows (write to error log)


4) Solely day of the week / hour of the day irrigation scheduling for each group
    If encountering difficulties with sensors, users should have the option to schedule irrigation events solely by day of the week and time of day. Incorporate this feature for each irrigation group.

Approach:
- New menu option (decide on letter)
- In case, have submenu for d or h (day or hour)
- Use the real time clock and if the time matches, then irrigate(need to figure out the right function for this)
- Might need to disable sensor use for irrigation in this case as well

5) Print last line of the datafile on the sd card

Approach:
- Create a new menu option
- Within the case, call the following function:
Create a new void function: print_last_from_datafile()
- Read from datafile and save into variable v
- Serial.println(v)


6) Print the last irrigation date/time for each group in a menu function

Approach: 
After irrigation, store the new latest irrigation time
Create a new menu option,l, for the last irrigation date/time

Thoughts
- Maybe could add to saveData function
For each group
- myFile.println(current date and time)
- This could be printed at the end
- Then, when a user wants to see the last irrigation date and time, they select thte menu option and within the case, a new function is called which reads those last values

Option 2:
If more things are saved to the data file, it could get crowded and hard to parse. In this case, we could just make a separate data file just for the last irrigation dates/times and read from that


- Notes don't mess with radio string in the middle due to bit shift, only add stuff to the end.



Notes:

Arduino State Machine

While plugged in, don't use battery
